_publications/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1.md, before:

---
title: "A real-time and interactive web-based platform for visualizing and analyzing COVID-19 in Canada."
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
# permalink: /publication/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1
# excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 1. The number 2 is left for future work.'
date: 2020
venue: 'International Journal of Statistics and Probability'
# slidesurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/slides1.pdf'
# paperurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf'
# bibtexurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/bibtex1.bib'
citation: 'Liu, D., Du, Y., Charvadeh, Y. K., \underline{Cui, J.}, Chen, L.-P., Deng, G., Zhang, Q., Cai, K., He, J., He, W., et al. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).'
---
The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.

Commit message:

Update citation for paper on COVID-19 visualization

_publications/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1.md, after:

---
title: "A real-time and interactive web-based platform for visualizing and analyzing COVID-19 in Canada."
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
# permalink: /publication/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1
# excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 1. The number 2 is left for future work.'
date: 2020
venue: 'International Journal of Statistics and Probability'
# slidesurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/slides1.pdf'
# paperurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf'
# bibtexurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/bibtex1.bib'
citation: 'Liu, D., Du, Y., Charvadeh, Y. K., \underline{Cui, J.}, Chen, L.-P., Deng, G., Zhang, Q., Cai, K., He, J., He, W., et al. (2009). &quot;A real-time and interactive web-based platform for visualizing and analyzing COVID-19 in Canada.&quot; <i>International Journal of Statistics and Probability</i>, 9(5):23–29.'
---
The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.
