_publications/2015-10-01-paper-title-number-3.md, before:

---
title: "Variable selection in multivariate regression models with measurement error
    in covariates."
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
permalink: /publication/2015-10-01-paper-title-number-3
# excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 3. The number 4 is left for future work.'
date: 2024
venue: 'Journal of Multivariate Analysis'
#slidesurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/slides3.pdf'
paperurl: 'https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0047259X2400006X'
citation: '\underline{Cui, J.} and Yi, G. Y. (2024). &quot;Variable selection in multivariate regression models with measurement error
    in covariates..&quot; <i>Journal of Multivariate Analysis</i>. 202, 105299.'
---

The contents above will be part of a list of publications, if the user clicks the link for the publication than the contents of section will be rendered as a full page, allowing you to provide more information about the paper for the reader. When publications are displayed as a single page, the contents of the above "citation" field will automatically be included below this section in a smaller font.

Commit message:

Revise publication entry with citation and abstract
Updated the citation and title formatting in the publication entry. Added an abstract to provide a summary of the paper's content.

_publications/2015-10-01-paper-title-number-3.md, after:

---
title: "Variable selection in multivariate regression models with measurement error in covariates."
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
permalink: /publication/2015-10-01-paper-title-number-3
# excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 3. The number 4 is left for future work.'
date: 2024
venue: 'Journal of Multivariate Analysis'
#slidesurl: 'https://academicpages.github.io/files/slides3.pdf'
paperurl: 'https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0047259X2400006X'
citation: '\underline{Cui, J.} and Yi, G. Y. (2024). &quot;Variable selection in multivariate regression models with measurement error in covariates.&quot; <i>Journal of Multivariate Analysis</i>. 202, 105299.'
---

**Abstract**

Multivariate regression models have been broadly used in analyzing data having multi-dimensional response variables. The use of such models is, however, impeded by the presence of measurement error and spurious variables. While data with such features are common in applications, there has been little work available concerning these features jointly. In this article, we consider variable selection under multivariate regression models with covariates subject to measurement error. To gain flexibility, we allow the dimensions of the covariate and response variables to be either fixed or diverging as the sample size increases. A new regularized method is proposed to handle both variable selection and measurement error effects for error-contaminated data. Our proposed penalized bias-corrected least squares method offers flexibility in selecting the penalty function from a class of functions with different features. Importantly, our method does not require full distributional assumptions for the associated variables, thereby broadening its applicability. We rigorously establish theoretical results and describe a computationally efficient procedure for the proposed method. Numerical studies confirm the satisfactory performance of the proposed method under finite settings, and also demonstrate deleterious effects of ignoring measurement error in inferential procedures.
